interface FastEthernet0/3
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/4
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/6
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/7
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/8
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/9
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/10
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/11
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/12
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/15
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/16
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/17
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/18
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/19
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/25
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/26
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/27
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/28
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/29
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/30
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/31
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/32
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/33
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/34
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/35
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/36
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/37
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/38
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/39
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/40
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/41
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/42
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/43
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/44
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/45
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/46
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/47
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/48
authentication port-control auto
