interface GigabitEthernet1/0/1
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/3
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/5
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/7
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/8
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/10
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/11
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/12
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/14
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/16
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/18
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/22
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/23
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/24
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/25
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/26
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/27
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/28
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/29
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/30
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/31
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/32
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/33
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/34
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/35
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/36
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/37
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/38
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/39
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/40
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/41
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/42
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/43
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/44
authentication port-control auto