interface GigabitEthernet1/0/1
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/3
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/5
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/6
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/7
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/8
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/9
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/10
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/11
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/13
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/14
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/15
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/16
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/18
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/22
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/26
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/29
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/30
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/31
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/32
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/33
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/36
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/37
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/40
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/41
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/42
authentication port-control auto
