interface GigabitEthernet1/0/3
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/5
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/6
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/8
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/9
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/10
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/11
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/12
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/14
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/15
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/16
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/19
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/20
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/22
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/23
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/25
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/27
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/28
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/29
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/30
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/31
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/32
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/33
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/36
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/39
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/40
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/43
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/44
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/45
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/46
authentication port-control auto

