interface GigabitEthernet1/0/1
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/2
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/3
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/4
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/5
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/6
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/8
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/9
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/11
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/12
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/13
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/14
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/16
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/17
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/18
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/19
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet1/0/20
authentication port-control auto