interface GigabitEthernet0/1
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/2
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/3
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/4
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/6
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/8
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/9
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/10
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/11
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/12
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/13
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/14
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/15
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/16
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/17
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/18
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/19
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/20
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/21
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/22
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/23
authentication port-control auto
interface GigabitEthernet0/24
authentication port-control auto