interface FastEthernet0/2
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/4
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/5
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/6
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/9
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/10
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/11
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/12
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/13
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/14
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/15
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/16
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/17
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/18
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/19
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/20
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/21
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/22
authentication port-control auto
interface FastEthernet0/23
authentication port-control auto